[Music]
Bloomberg Audio Studios, podcasts,
radio, news.
>> So, here's why I'm so confused right
now. Like, if someone said to me,
>> just one reason.
>> If someone said to me, look, you know,
the economy is slowing down. Clearly,
job creation is in the tank. It's
decelerating. Housing is in the tank,
etc. There's a bunch of sectors that are
soft. We need rate cuts. Okay, that
sounds good. Inflation has come down
quite a bit from where it was. But it's
still elevated. And then if someone
said, "Look, the stock market is at
record highs. PPI just came in super
hot. Inflation is still above levels,
etc. Are you insane to even be talking
about rate cuts?" I'd be like, "Oh,
yeah, okay, that makes sense, too."
Like, I find many kinds of arguments to
be very persuasive right here. I don't
have a strong views.
>> I'm not what one for hyperbole. I try
not to be, right? I try to be a good
journalist in that sense. But I would
honestly say like this is one of the
most difficult macro environments to
call in probably my professional career
which is
>> longer than I would necessarily like it
to be at this point. But as you said if
you look at the stock market which feeds
into financial conditions right look at
financial conditions like financial
conditions do not look that restrictive
at the moment and yet you do have people
who say that actually we are still in
restrictive territory and and the labor
market is weakening as you said and so
we need a rate cut. So we have this one
body of people who are talking about a
potential Fed policy error and then we
have another body of people including
people from the Trump administration who
are talking about the need to do a 50
basis point.
>> It totally you could make the argument
that the Fed is either committing a
policy error now or contemplating a
policy error. Then there's this whole
dynamic with the fact that we know that
there's this one incredible thing going
on which is all the AI spending and how
that actually intersects with macro is
very confusing. So, and we have Jackson
Hole next week, which we're gonna be at.
>> I'm excited about Jackson Hole. So, the
scuttlebutt for journalists going to
Jackson Hole is that apparently like the
rooms are in even higher demand than
normal because behind all the macro
debate, which we just laid out, there's
also the question of Fed independence,
right? So, interest in Jackson Hole is
like higher than it's ever been.
>> It's going to be a big Jackson Hole.
Whatever the formal theme of the
conference is going to be, you know,
there's going to be some academic theme
coming up. Whatever that is, that's not
going to be the theme. The theme is
going to be all of the talk about Fed
independence.
>> I did a dead list.
>> I am both the most popular trader and
most successful trader at Citadel.
>> Fed is going viral.
>> Uh, barges.
>> This is an after school special except
>> I've decided I'm going to base my entire
personality going forward on campaigning
for a strategic pork reserve in the US.
>> Black gold. These are the the important
questions. Is it robots taking over the
world?
>> No, I think that like in a couple years
the AI will do a really good job of
making the Outlaws podcast. One day that
person will have the mandate of heaven.
>> How do I get more popular and
successful?
>> We do have
>> the perfect guest.
>> You're listening to lots more where we
catch up with friends about what's going
on right now.
>> Because even when OddLots is over,
there's always lots more.
>> And we really do have the perfect guest.
Scanda, nice to have you here in our uh
>> When Joe's confused, you're the guy we
turn to.
>> Yeah, that's right. Let's start.
Actually, just quick take. Uh we're
recording this 9:04 August 14th about 30
minutes ago. We got that really hot PPI
report, but also I don't know what that
means. Like is it a big deal? What does
it say? What's going on there? Is it
What does it mean for PCE? Is it means
that margins are going to be crimped?
What's going on there? I mean I think
for PPI today should be seen as at least
showing the inflationary side of the
story is still there. Okay.
>> Not just in terms of like some of the
aggregates may be distorted for a lot of
reasons but what matters for the Fed's
inflation gauges got moved up a bit. So
what you're going to be tracking for
inflation for July CPI and PPI both
matter and so that's going to be moved
up a bit.
>> So we're going to be running at roughly
2.9% on core PCE. That's when it is
actually substantially
>> we we we are higher now than we were
last year.
>> So it's like it's it's starting to look
like the progress is starting to turn
the other direction. Now there may be
some reasons why it is transitory this
time that it is temporary and yet it
doesn't really feel great and I imagine
for chair Powell there's a feeling of
wait I remember in 2021 in August I was
pretty confident that this was going to
be shortterm and then we saw some
increases and I said well we got to
focus on getting the labor market back
first
>> and then people kind of have held that
against him accordingly but now we have
inflation picking up and yeah we also
see a lot a job market maybe employment
levels look fine Yeah,
>> the momentum, the job growth that we're
seeing in the latest release is
understandably spooky, too.
>> I asked Mary Daily this question before,
but do starting points matter here?
Because if you look at the labor market,
the labor market has been really, really
strong in recent years, like certainly
much stronger than people had expected.
And so, okay, there are some signs of
softening now. It does seem to be losing
momentum, but we are still starting from
a place of strength. Does that mean
potentially the Fed can, you know, maybe
let that one go and look more at the
inflation risk? To your point,
>> I think it certainly matters. It's not
the only thing that matters. I think
momentum and starting point both matter.
And the starting point is better. The
momentum is some of the weakest we've
seen outside of a recession in a while.
>> Now, some of that might be due to
immigration. Some of that might be due
to tariff uncertainty. Some of that
might be due to
interest rates are higher. that matters
for some sectors more even if the
financial conditions you just talked
about are still pretty accommodative if
you're talking about capital markets. So
these are all kind of confusing in terms
of what is the actual like labor market
trajectory that's permissible.
I think the Fed is right now inclined to
cut September given what we've seen in
the labor market data. But I will just
warn just as the data got revised before
it could get revised again. It may be
the case that May and June were the
weakest months for job growth and that
we see some local acceleration just
because there's a little bit more
certainty on trade policy than there was
before.
>> Right?
>> So, there's still another jobs report
before the September meeting and there's
another batch of inflation data that's
also going to come out and I think that
will actually probably matter in the
sense that typically you see price
changes that are more volatile as you
get into back to school season, holiday
season, the turn of the calendar year.
what we've seen thus far is typically
the more benign months when you
typically don't see prices change that
much. So, there's still a lot to play
for in terms of going into the September
meeting.
>> So, here's the thing I've been thinking
about trying to conceptualize what's
going on. And you know, as Tracy
mentioned, we talked to Mary Daly last
week in Alaska and she's kind of the
view right now or she says that she does
not think that the tariffs will be
particularly inflationary or
inflationary on a sustained basis. And
you know there's certainly an argument
tariffs are tax increases and tax
increases we don't think of as
inflationary we think of them as uh
disinflationary if anything on the other
hand they throw a wrench into supply
chains they have very different effects
across different like they sort of
strike me as like a bit of just like
throwing sand into gears and if you
combine throwing sand into gears with
really big deficits and now that I'm
middleag I talk about deficits we got a
pretty big July deficit number. It was
10% higher than the year before. This is
despite the tariff revenue. If you're
throwing sand into gears of industry,
making commerce less efficient by
creating all these frictions and you're
pushing in all this money by expanding
deficits, that strikes me as a
potentially inflationary cocktail. I
would agree. I think it's possible you
have both, right? That there is some
what I would call stagflation light,
right? That it's obviously unemployment
rates are still low. That's pretty
distinct from the stagflation of the
70s. But the momentum in the labor
market seems weaker because I think
there probably is for any sort of trade
sensitive sector. Think about
construction, manufacturing, retail
trade, wholesale trade, warehousing.
These are all showing weakness in job
growth more recently. And so we're
seeing that side of the equation. That's
that should be disinflationary at the
margin because less labor income should
mean less consumer spending. And at the
same time, you're putting in costs,
adding to the business cost structure in
ways that businesses can't stomach
beyond a certain point, right? So some
businesses are probably well positioned
to absorb the hit to margin, but there's
a limit to that as well. I think the
issue with sort of the tarifftrade
shock, the modeling of it is if you have
costs be pushed through to consumers
over time, that can still be consistent
with just real incomes sort of declining
even if uh nominal income growth is on
steadier footing. And so that would be
>> a very tricky backdrop for the Fed to
navigate.
>> Just going back to inflation for a
second, can you walk us through what's
going on with energy prices at the
moment? Because on the one hand, oil
still pretty low as we talked a lot
about in Alaska. They don't love that in
Alaska. Yeah. People really care about
the price of oil in Alaska. Not
necessarily the way that most car
driving Americans do.
>> It's funny like in America an oil in the
quote lower 48, which is a term I never
use as much than in the last week. It's
like an oil crisis is when it's really
high there. It's the exact opposite.
Anyway, keep going.
>> That's right. Okay. So oil prices are
low, but at the same time we're seeing
some electricity prices rise, possibly a
sort of crowding out effect from all the
data center demand and AI enthusiasm and
things like that.
>> Yeah. So I think that there's a
bifurcation in energy prices, right? So
we have your standard commodity prices
specifically for oil have stayed at the
lower end of the range, right? We're
still speaking in the maybe low 60s,
right? In WTI. So these are prices that
should be not painful for the consumer
and yet we also have electricity price
increases and the electricity price
increases that we've seen some part of
that is due to natural gas price
volatility although natural gas prices
more recently have come down but there's
also an in there are a lot of things
that go into electricity prices that are
independent of that and so in a lot of
regions of the country we're seeing
capacity looks to be short for the
longest time a lot of these a lot of
what you call sort thermal sources of
electricity generation are typically not
very economical, right? We're economical
in a shortrun sense because uh we have
more capacity than we need. So the
ability to be paid for that capacity is
not great. So that's why we retire coal
plants, we retire nuclear plants.
>> Now you're seeing the other side of
that, right? And it takes a long time to
build that stuff. And so the retirements
have are coming to a pause for hey
actually we might be short on capacity
if the data center demands are there and
building new capacity is very expensive
very time uh intensive and that seems to
be an issue in at least a number of
major regions. So there's like the
Mid-Atlantic region, PJM. You're hearing
this also show up though in terms of
rates are increasing in Georgia and New
England has its own set of problems
because it burns a lot of natural gas
for electricity, but also doesn't have a
like the requisite pipeline capacity.
>> I love that I'm double hedged to New
England energy prices plus Coned in New
York. Although Although I do have solar
panels in Connecticut now, as we were
discussing, so sometimes sometimes my
bill is actually negative, which is
lovely. the Texas hedge. This is the
thing which is that so I mentioned at
the beginning so much investment
happening in AI which doesn't seem to
like I mean doesn't seem to be paying
off economy wide yet. It's not like
we've seen some great disinflationary
boom or all these companies suddenly
getting more efficient though maybe
there I'm sure you can find pockets but
there is a lot of spending and there's a
lot of spending on gear and there's a
lot of spending on buildings and a
little bit of spending on labor. You
know some people have been talking about
this crowding out effect. Jason Ferman
talked about it in a tweet that maybe
this is feels like a fiscal crowding. Is
that fair at this point or is it too
soon to tell like whether all this
expenditure
>> has been writing about this quite a bit
as well?
>> Yeah, I'm curious how do you
characterize it right now?
>> I mean obviously there's some bid for
resources that could otherwise be
deployed elsewhere and also a bit sort
of if if let's say you're an investor
and you're obviously some level of
capital constraint going on. If you're
investing everything in AI and basically
cutting spending and investment in other
areas, there's some sort of crowding out
effect. But I would just also caution
that's like a secondary effect, right?
The the primary one is still that
there's more investment less.
>> On the electricity front though, is that
connected or is that still just our menu
factors pushing up electricity across
and maybe data centers are one?
>> I think the data center effect is
something probably better to describe up
until this very moment like we're
probably hitting something of an
inflection point, right? So you are like
low demand for electricity has stopped
sort of having sort of its local
stagnation.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> But we haven't yet seen the pickup. The
pickup is probably coming very soon or
maybe right now. And as that happens and
it has its pass through into pricing
over the coming years. I think there
will be some a sort of super cycle
dynamic to this that is likely to weigh
on costs and investment. Just sorry just
to be clear like those like price
increases in Georgia that people are
talking about or you it's too early to
say oh that's data centers.
>> It's a sort of yes and no question where
economists give you both answers because
it's like if something stops going down
it starts flattening out and starts to
pick up. There is a like it may not have
started going up in outright terms but
the dynamic is it's part of the dynamic.
So I think that I think it's it's both.
[Music]
As we mentioned, Joe and I are going to
Jackson Hole next week, and the theme
doesn't really matter. The theme is
central bank independence and if Powell
is going to do what the what President
Trump is asking him to do, which is cut
rates.
I'm thinking how to characterize this
question. How does like the central bank
dynamic actually feed into the
discussion around rates?
>> I mean, I think the there is on one
level the Fed will tell you they're
putting the blinders on. They don't
listen to what Scott Besson is most
actively lobbying for was 50 basis
points.
>> And yet, you can't deny that there is
going to be some issue of how does the
Fed do something in a way where it
doesn't look politically manipulated.
the legitimacy in some ways of whatever
the Fed does gets undermined.
>> There's an optics problem.
>> If they don't do what the Treasury says,
then they're clearly trying to push back
against the Treasury in some way. And so
then there will be one set of
stakeholders who are upset. And at the
same time, there are others who will be
saying like if the Fed does cut 50 basis
points, it's like okay, they're just
following Treasury. We should just
listen to Scott Bessent now. And that is
a dilemma for how you really handle the
optics. Mary Daly talked about this on
your episode which was just you got to
try to just explain your decisions. Try
to be transparent. Try to be consistent.
Those are really important things. It
will matter to a point and yet I'm sure
there'll be plenty of cynics. Start
tweeting in all caps.
>> Tracy, uh, did you see the headline
yesterday? I think it was attributing
CNBC that David Zervos is on Trump's
short. No, you guys laugh. I like David.
I We have never had him on OddLog and
which is an oversight. I've always liked
talking to David though, but I feel
like, you know, we never got,
unfortunately, Paul McCully on the Fed,
the long-haired iconocclassic guy from
industry.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> And David Zervos is like our the next
best shot of this sort of iconoc classic
guy who comes from Wall Street. I like
David. I like David. I feel like, you
know, he's like the closest thing to
like a contemporary kind of a
mccaulayish character. I will say from a
saratoral perspective it would be very
interesting.
>> Yeah, I like I've always loved talking
to David.
>> I mean he would certainly be a character
and so you would probably get livelier
uh press conference.
>> A great press coverage. Do you have any
thoughts on the derby? Every day the
list of names gets longer. Do you have
any thoughts on this process?
>> I can't take it seriously. Right. I
think as far as the number of names that
have been thrown out, I don't think
Janet Yellen is being considered
actively. Okay. So these are these are
things that that see seem very very um
>> that one elicited I saw that headline
too and um yeah there are some names
there that do
>> so I I mean there are some names to take
seriously. I'm not saying but I I do
think the length of the list being
offered some of them are clearly not
serious names being put forth but it may
serve some tactical purpose for the kind
of policies they want. If they're trying
to broaden the list of people who
they're considering, get those people to
lobby more actively and publicly for
lower rates, then that might be
something White House.
>> Nick Dick Timos at the Journal pointed
this out in an article, which is that if
you have a hundred people who all think
that they're in the running to be Fed
chair, that's a 100 people going on TV
saying now is a great time to cut rates.
And then you're sort of like, wait, why
isn't Powell cutting rates? Everyone on
TV knows now is the time. So there's
some deep brilliance going on here. I I
do have to ask though like the all the
lobbying for lower rates we have
substantial number of rate cuts priced
in over the next 12 months and yet
long-term interest rates haven't really
budged that much.
>> Yeah.
>> Which is if you think about like where
the pain points and the frustration are
with like higher interest rates right
now or at least for if you to the extent
you think 4.3% Fed funds rate is high
and that's part of the reason why 10ear
yields are at 4.2 2 4.3% roughly
speaking like you're not getting much
effect from the rate rate cuts being
priced right now. And I do think that
kind of raised some questions about what
is the actual objective here if even if
you get the rate cuts you so desperately
wish especially if it's coming
>> doesn't feed into like the 30-year
mortgage rate.
>> Yeah, exactly. Like housing was the big
pain point and you're not really getting
that effect. That to me suggests like
there is some level of a credibility gap
here. If you're just saying I'm gonna
cut rates no matter what, no matter what
the inflation rate is because I want to
do it for political motivation. I mean,
I want investors obviously need to be
compensated on some level for risk or
also for the risk that maybe some in the
future rates might go back up. If the
people who are arguing for lower rates
today would argue for higher rates under
a different political environment,
that's not exactly that doesn't lend
itself to keeping getting long-term
interest rates lower. And
>> oh, what's your take on why long-term
interest rates haven't gone lower? I
think there's probably two things here
that stick out to me. One is well
inflation still seems like it's there,
right? We haven't gotten things back to
2%. And so there's just a risk of the
Fed being caught off sides here if the
Fed starts to cut more aggressively at a
time when inflation might pick up. You
can say, well, this time inflation's
transitory, but it's like we're dealing
with potentially big macro adjustments.
They might be costly and if nominal
incomes, labor income growth is
reasonably solid, the cost might get
pushed through, right, to the consumer
because the consumer can pay and that's
a dynamic that markets have to be
sensitive to. So there's a level of well
you're actually adding more inflation
risk and so that needs to be compensated
for. There's also I think a level of
political manipulation risk, right? That
if you actually did lower rates for
reasons that aren't really grounded in
data, I mean Kevin War said, "I don't
care about data dependence." If you're
not doing things for like relatively
neutral reasons and you're doing things
for political convenience,
>> one, the political convenience can cut
the other way at at another point in
time. Let's say there are people who are
doing things for partisan reasons today
and maybe it's a different person in the
White House in the future. And then
there's also just the issue of well
>> there's just more instability. I want
more compensation for that risk. And I
do think like we're seeing if you look
at the slope between five years, five
year notes and 10 year notes abnormally
high even considering that rate cuts
have been priced in. I know that Joe is
a term premium skeptic and I to some
extent am too, but I do think that
there's more suggestive evidence now
that you are seeing more demands for
compensation for risk and that again
kind of speaks to undermining
independence. If you think think this
process of setting interest rates is not
really being guided by something
relatively neutral politically,
something that's more focused on the
data, but is really just about pleasing
certain presidential preferences and
whims on a short-term basis. As a
long-term investor, I might want more
compensation for that. I think there's
some some merit to that argument at
least.
>> Don't worry, at Jackson Hole, Joe and I
are going to sit around a campfire and
meditate on the meaning of the term
premium.
>> Yeah, that's right. We're going to get
it figured out next week.
[Music]
Don't these clowns in Washington DC need
to stop their addiction to borrowing
money?
I'm entering my AM radio.
>> This is This is back to your middle age.
>> Yeah, I'm entering I'm I I want to be a
yaker on AM radio. Don't these clowns in
DC need to stop spending? But deficits
are very large. Like, you know, setting
aside politics, they're very big,
especially given the low level of
unemployment rate, 4.2%. Like, we're
spending a lot of money and that's a lot
of money being pushed into the economy.
Much of it going to low productivity
areas because of the growth like
healthcare, etc. Don't we need to have
some good old-fashioned fiscal
consolidation with inflation still at
these elevated levels? There's certainly
an argument for if you wanted to try and
get demand down then you could possibly
do that, right? So if you think demand
is is a problem, right? Then you
probably wouldn't be so worried about
the labor market, right? So that's one
one part of it. I also say like folks
that have been saying this the tariffs
are a big revenue raiser, right? One
part of it is
>> yeah,
>> we're still seeing like either the fact
is like it's just doesn't matter in the
context of the deficit.
>> Yeah.
>> In which case it's not a big revenue
raiser. That's one argument you can
make. If you think it's actually still a
lot of lot of money being raised and yet
we're still seeing 10-year yield
dynamics as they are, maybe it's
something else. I mean, I think the
problem always with stories about
deficits and how they drive interest
rates tend to always be there's like a
missing link there or at least there's
not a lot of robust correlation here
between the scale of the deficit and
what interest rates end up looking like.
And I do think like institutional
descriptions of what's going on kind of
have a little more merit. like we are
doing some things as a central bank and
in ways that can undermine investor
confidence. I think that strikes me as
more compelling, but at the margin if
you wanted to address the deficit for
whatever reason, yeah, there's probably
a lot of room to do that when we've just
did a pretty big sort of consolidation
of corporate tax cuts and at the same
time like there's obviously an aging
population that does have more demands
for the major social insurance programs.
>> Cracky Joe.
>> Yeah, become a crack. It's just like we
need to I'm not I don't give policy
advice. By the way, Tracy, we're talking
to Scanda Amaroth, executive director of
employment. 20 minutes in. Probably
should.
>> Okay, so we're going to Jackson Hole.
One of the nice things about Jackson
Hole is that you can run into people,
you know, just if you're hiking outside
of the lodge, the hotel over there. If
we were to run into Jerome Pal,
>> what's the one question we should ask
him? Well, the one question I selfishly
am interested in is what are they going
to do with the FRA framework here,
right? So, the framework review that was
there was much fanfare about it in 2019
and 2020.
>> This is the whole fate thing, right?
>> This was the fate thing. This was when
they cited flexible average inflation
targeting that high employment wasn't
inherently a bad thing or inherently an
inflationary thing. They made some
tweaks to their framework. There are
people who blame those tweaks for the
reason why the Fed allowed all this
inflation to happen. I think they kind
of mess around with some
counterfactuals, but they are doing the
same exercise now, but just much more
low profile. And maybe that makes sense
because this is sort of a time of
leadership flux where there is going to
be someone else who's fed chair in a
year. And maybe that person will want to
have more of a say and doesn't want to
be stomped on. But I they have said that
they want to do some of these changes to
their framework and then do a review of
their communications. And especially at
a moment when you have these conflicting
forces where there are things that are
pushing up inflation at the same time
there are signs that labor markets are
slowing. It just feels like what the
Fed's going to communicate is going to
be confusing. I want a good example of
this from s episode with Mary Dailyaly
was basically saying well we have goods
inflation that might be tariffs but like
services xousing looks to be like not
inflationary. And the Fed basically said
the same story in 2021. And then it
spread. And it spread because for some
people say, well, it's because labor
market's too strong.
>> They kind of missed that goods prices
matter to service prices. So think about
insurance. Think about uh m the cost of
goods matters there. If you think about
leasing, rental, airfare is matter are
affected by energy prices, food services
prices are affected by food prices. And
so the Fed could easily be caught off
sides again. And I think that's
something that I I worry about
independent of whoever is the leader,
whether it's Chris Waller, whether it's
Kevin Walsh, whether it's
>> David Zervos,
>> David David Zervos.
>> This is something that I think is really
unappreciated. You know, we've seen car
insurers saying that they're going to
raise rates because the cost of parts is
expected to go up under tariffs. And
there are all these sort of hidden
connections in the economy,
>> as we learned on our trip to Alaska once
again, where you could see tariff
inflation start to show up. So, one
example is, you know, you think you're
buying Alaskan salmon made in Alaska,
caught in Alaska, but it turns out a
bunch of that salmon gets sent to China
for processing, and so it gets
reimpported into the US. And so, even
something like Alaskan salmon, you would
see a tariff impact.
>> I know we we should do we didn't do a
fish episode, but I that was really I
didn't had not realized how much
American fish is processed to China,
then reimpported. It's really the
miracle of shipping. I have one last um
one last question. Things are like so c
stocks are doing fine. He's like all
this doom and all this stuff and
politics and the deficit and interest
rate and etc. Like stocks are like super
forward-looking. Is is it 100%? Yeah,
but that's cuz it's all this like tech
money and AI spending. That doesn't
totally satisfy me. There's other parts
that finance and doing like what's going
on there that does not seem like a
market that is worried about all these
things that we talk about. Yeah, it does
seem like there's more growth optimism
in cav markets and I think tech is part
of the story right now. know the S&P 500
you kind of adjust for a
reclassification is about half tech
right so it's clearly growing in terms
of its relevance and at the same time
all this tech spending is probably
keeping the business cycle afloat on
some level at least more so than it
would otherwise be the case but if you
look at stuff like even in equal
weighted S&P you look at other sort of
measures that may be more neutral to the
tech dynamic they've also shown decent
amount of optimism right so those are
also telling you there's a lot of
confidence
that confidence might be misplaced, but
over at least the short run, like
there's some wisdom in it. And that to
me is like a reason to probably shade
against the bleakest view right now. And
I think even if you look at the jobs
report that everyone I think rightfully
said has a lot of weakness in it, look
at total hours growth among rank and
file employees. If you look at total
income growth among those workers, it's
pretty fine. Much fine. It was not that
was actually okay. And so we might have
gotten the worst jobs report already. If
we don't, then obviously the Fed can
probably have more confidence cutting.
But if it's actually the case that like
ah there's actually was a we had a
liberation day shock but it was didn't
break things especially because things
got reversed to a large degree then you
might be left with a situation where
it's just slowing growth in real terms
and maybe the nominal trajectory of the
economy that total dollar spend total
dollars earned aren't as adversely
affected and that might not be a world
in which you expect both high rate cuts
or anything that's sort of deeply
recessionary at least in the short run.
Tracy, you know, I did run into Jerome
Pow, you know, in Jackson Hall just like
serendipitously.
>> Oh, I forgot about that.
>> Yeah, I know. It was like It was You
hadn't come yet and it was just in the
lodge and he was sitting there with a
couple of people. I think he was
talking.
>> Did you say hi?
>> Yeah. And I froze. Like I did I froze
because I couldn't really think. It
didn't seem like the right time to like
actually like talk shop. In retrospect,
I should have like said something about
the dead and like you know told because
I had seen Denco that year
>> and I should that would have been a good
thing. But I said, "Oh, it's really
beautiful here in Jack. I've never been
like I sounded really stupid.
>> I yelled at one of his Secret Service
people without knowing it was one of his
Secret Service people. He was like he
was stuffing a bag into the airplane
>> in a really violent way that was
crushing my own bag that had something
kind of breakable in it. And so I was
like, "Excuse me, stop doing that." And
then he got really angry.
>> Yeah.
Lots more is produced by Carmen
Rodriguez and Dashel Bennett with help
from Moses Andom and Kale Brooks.
>> Our sound engineer is Blake Maples. Sage
Bowman is the head of Bloomberg
podcasts.
>> Please rate, review, and subscribe to
OddLots and lots more on your favorite
podcast platforms.
>> And remember that Bloomberg subscribers
can listen to all our podcasts ad free
by connecting through Apple Podcasts.
Thanks for listening.
Joe, you do a worryingly good impression
of a crank.